Add planned enhancement for overlapping meetings (#292)
AY2324S2-CS2103-F15-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

- Modify the pre-defined set of allowed characters to **capture any character instead**. This allows for flexibility since all special characters will be accepted for the `ADDRESS` field.
- For addresses containing `/` characters, the user will be required to use the `\` character to escape each `/` character similar to the example in Planned Enhancement 1.

### 3. Show warning to user when scheduling an overlapping meeting
**Current Implementation**:

> - No checks for conflicting meetings are done when scheduling a new meeting. The user is able to schedule multiple meetings with meeting time that overlap with each other with no warnings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- No checks for conflicting meetings are done when scheduling a new meeting. The user is able to schedule a meeting with multiple people that can overlap with each other with no warnings.
```
